hey guys say I'm going to be doing a
fabfitfun unboxing I don't usually get
subscription boxes but I think if it's
only to decide to dispel code so I only
paid twenty dollars Canadian for it and
I did over 200 dollars worth of products
regular only everyday or $49.99 u.s.
dollars with us just to charge you $30
over visa so that's why I decided to get
it which means that opening at this
summer box but this is a sprig editor's
edition so it's not the classic case for
a spring Ross if you want after all the
spring market social doubt I did have
quick conversation with facet but it was
that because it was told that I was
getting the summer box and first signed
up cuz that's the one I wanted and want
the spring one so this one is a little
different so I honestly have no idea
whatsoever what's inside here so let's
just open it up and find out
okay so opening it right up there is a
book I'm assuming this is what says
what's inside of it and there's a little
note this is from us and that that tough
what's inside of it so we'll read that I
want to go through a key and the grow
thicker with those two things it says
sure to win hash-table it's a fun this
is what the inside of the box looks like
so this was one of seven years I'm just
going to go one by one and see what we
got
we're seeing brand top is this Marrakesh
I said that so wrong coil it says
argument have oil therapy for hair
styling original Sun because a blend of
argan oil of Morocco and hemp seed oil
we care feeling silky smooth the
healthy-looking
frizz free thoughts gloss and shine
which is really very good actually make
nice been kind of frenzy lately this
hopefully will work out well um it's
regularly 22 at 99 so this is a
full-size product there are 50
milliliters in it and have a roll right
out here and it smells okay it smells
very looks like a tropical victory all
sense okay next year I'm seeing Ord
skincare Merrill peel face to me Oh what
is this so this looks like it is some
sort of space wash smell very fresh um
mineral peel face
yeah so I really like the packaging this
comes in I love this style actually
worth like don't pop it on your products
inside if I'm not just so cute and so
like classy as well and that retails for
$44 that's three times for $44 no way so
this is the only bottle of this I'm ever
getting okay we then have beach body
butter creme Beach butter body cream
this is from the brand
Arsen lilius invade America this is
awesome user don't actually have a
looking for the moisturizer it doesn't
have a strong scent either I hate really
fragrant in moisturizers this just just
smell very fresh in a little bit three
which is awesome so this retails for $24
next year a toothed little bag from live
AJ yes it's a little necklace this is
all tangles with a little teardrop kind
of style necklace so it is a rose gold
bronzy color it is three gems and then
it has this hanging pendant too this is
super cute and that retails for $75 so
far this box is doing really really well
I am quite impressed okay we then have
this pink box and I really love the
packaging on this already it's painted
gold that's wonderful sponge l Algerian
rose beyond cleansing a body wash
infusion proper total dirt on my
packaging so that's cool so it's like a
body wash sponge but like the soaps and
stuff is already in here that's really
cool I'm excited to try this and this
retails for $16 especially not that bad
colored pencils of a so cute fabfitfun
has partnered with pencils of promise
pop is a for purpose organization
founded in 2008 the goal of increasing
access to quality education for children
and the developing world that's awesome
so there looks like there is what like 5
or 6 colored pencils in here that's
awesome
okay I have rifle Paper Co coasters herb
garden set
coasters I don't know why I just smell
them all so that's cute they're just
fluoro coasters those are actually
really awesome they have a cute they all
have just like cute floral patterns from
the other three five three so it's 8
coasters that's really cute that's
awesome I need I don't need coasters per
se but that will be great once I do
about stuff and they do come in this
awesome adorable box do you like that
that's a wonderful mode retail for $14
okay this is what I kind of heard was
coming in this box and this is what I'm
super super excited for I lost my giant
scissors so all I have are these like
baby ones and they do not put anything
okay here we go there we go this is the
real her playbook the eyeshadow palette
I know the row bunch of different colors
I'm excited to see which one I got
oh that texture though already it's like
that smooth vinyl texture thank you
20% of all rail Herbert's profits are
donated to the AAUW and nonprofit
organization advances equality for women
and girls through scholarship programs
leadership advocacy education and
research that's awesome research
research I can't talk today I swear but
these quotes act as a source of
confident and inspiration each with each
application you reinforce the meaning of
the quote as awesome
okay so realtor shadow pilot be your own
kind of beauty okay so these are paraben
free cruelty free they use natural
ingredients or vegan long-wearing and
sulfate free that's awesome so I can
already tell there's a magnetic clasp
let's see what else I got
oh these are so pretty ok so the colors
are even labeled thank you they're fine
fabulous fun strong proud courageous
smart creative and unique and they have
very gold tones and a couple purple
tones I love that this is the one I
wanted because I heart I heard this was
coming so I guess I'll just watch a
couple of them so this is fine it right
here look at that
we hold up picking up one camera here
just over nice white color so they all
do have a bit of a shimmer to them this
is fabulous inside there that one has
more of a yellow tone sweater in the
darker winds now so smart is like the
black one oh yes
these are awesome they're very creamy
shadows are not at all powdery which I
love I love creamy feta shadows I plan
on top today at all
I love creamy shadows this is this is
amazing this is awesome I'm really
really excited for this and that palette
retails for $28 it doesn't have those
gypsy boho Beach around the towel I did
see these in the original like this
original spring box and this is the only
thing I probably would have worn it from
the original spring rocks so I love it
this is only half but is a giant round
beach towel I want to be so bad but
they're so so so expensive I never got
one
so this is kind of like the main thing
that I would about spring mark for like
the only thing so I'm really glad that
this is in here and this retails for $50
the final thing I then got is goes with
the pencil hesitant is a natural
coloring book from the same brand as the
floor so I'm hoping I this video if you
did please give it a thumbs up and yeah
comment down below if you are interested
in any of these stuff fo bucks honestly
this video isn't even sponsored I just
want to take this box because everyone
talks loaded so learn to see what it is
all about anyway thank you for watching
this video bye
[Music]
Oh